the process of brewing beer sounds easy
it is pretty much unchanged for 2,000
years heat water and malted barley add
hops take the resulting liquid add yeast
and let it sit for a week the whole term
home brewing
you know connotes the strapping together
of a bunch of equipment for anyone who's
tried to brew it home you know it's a
bit more complicated than that
you want to control your water
temperature calculate your sparge scales
the person well this sounds complicated
I should rest the starch chains protein
wrap seems like a lot can go wrong here
are you getting all this early
beta-amylase multi-step mashing and
alpha amylase me neither
but one thing is very understandable
good ingredients makes better beer and
that's the beauty of the Pico brews I'm
addict it's a machine that takes the
human ears and policies out of the
equation allowing the brewer to focus
their attention on the ingredients and
the recipe it's the creation of brothers
Jim and Bill Mitchell one in innovator
in food Sciences the other an
accomplished software engineer relieving
the art we're taking out the drudgery
that's a key goal here it's amazingly
simple the homebrew simply programs the
recipe into the cymatic through a web
interface loads the grain and hops into
this bin called the step filter measures
the water out into the attached keg hits
the start button and walks away after
three and a half hours the wort can be
cooled and is ready for fermentation the
whole concentration is on the recipe and
the ingredients
there are dozens of ways a brew can go
wrong and this machine eliminates those
worries professionals use professional
tools this is a professional tool it
also allows home brewers to do something
nearly impossible before create and
share precise consistent and repeatable
brews if you want to brew consistently
you have to add control systems and that
begins with the Pico brew website we
will have a number of award winning
recipes across the major brewing styles
and if you just use one of those you'll
make good beer but for those looking to
craft a unique group their own it's a
simple process of building the recipe
one ingredient at a time
part of value system is that we've been
able to besides that it's consistent
we've characterized it through a bunch
of batches so we know for a set of our
ingredients to come in what comes out
and we have profile curves of every
single bad food group which is amazing
the result of this testing is artificial
intelligence software that tells you
precisely what you're about to brew well
the big dream is to introduce home
brewing to everyone I think the social
aspect of this is really the best part
of that product with pika brew it just
kind of changes the equation if you have
a machine person in Florida has a
machine you can just replicate those
beers that consistency and precision
engineered into the Pico brew allows
home brewers to share exact recipes and
rate them on the Pico brew website for
me being able to brew a recipe and then
say oh I'd like it a little bit sweeter
a little bit roast here a little bit
spicier a little bit happier and tweak
it being able to do that from the recipe
standpoint is awesome and say like this
is my beer it's exactly how I want it
and this is like this is what I like in
a beer and that brings us back to the
whole idea of better beer we tasted over
a dozen different beers all brewed on
the Pico brew and each one of them
tasted like it could have come from any
of the world's top micro breweries no
off flavors no home brewery tastes just
great beer consistently a great beer the
more people play around with the
ingredients and the temperatures and all
that the more excellent beers is going
to be out there